TESTING.md, before:

# Development Notes:  
  
**Some of the challenges I faced during the Development process and how I addressed them:**  

- One of the main issue I faced is to fix the nav bar. The responsiveness of the navbar was not at all good.
- The next thing I faced was overriding background images, I solved that by giving appropriat height and width to the image.
- I initially added src folder for all the html file, but while deploying background images were not reflecting. My mentor helped me to solve the problem by deleting the src folder.
-  For the Gallery I wanted the a hover the information for respective images but I wasn't sure how to achieve this, then I solved this issue by watching a [youtube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8b2mTq0Xrtw&t=147s)


### User Stories :  
    
The user is looking to explore different places,culture,cuisines when they come to Ireland. They want to sit back and enjoy the mesmerising beauty which Ireland gives.  They are interested in seeing some of the history of Ireland's Ancient  but they enjoy sampling quality local food.  

* First Time Visitors Goals

       1. As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily see the details of the tour.
       2. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to navigate the site easily with the minimum number of clicks to get to the desired information.
       3. As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily see the options available to customise the tour.
       4. As a First Time Visitor, I want to interact with people around the world about the beautiful places in Ireland. So that we can connect with different people from different cultures
       5. As a First Time Visitor, I want to give amazing stories of different places just at your finger tips. So that even during COVID19, it will be easy for people around the world to explore beautiful places when sitting at home.
       6. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to go through the site and to give a clear idea about the page.

* Returning Visitor Goals

       1. As a Returning Visitor, I want to update the pictures regularly. So that the viewers can enjoy and update their knowledge about different Jaw-dropping natural landscapes, regal castles, Irish locals, lively cities, rich heritage, delicious food.
       2. As a Returning Visitor, I want to welcome people around the world to visit and enjoy the benefits of Ireland.
       3. As a Returning Visitors, I want to be able to solve the queries of the visitors through email, so that I will be able to give a clear idea about the places.
       4. As a Returning Visitor, I want to provide freedom and flexibility to the visitors, so that virtual trips can bring leisure to the visitors at their preferred time schedule.
       5. As a Returning Visitor, I want to preserve the information, so that ones the viwers come back the relevant information is safe.

* Issues For Users To Overcome


       1. To provide adequate information about the different places showcased.
       2. To provide tour guide for free of cost and a feeling of actually being there.
       3. To structre the designs in a way so that it would be easy to navigate for viewers.
       4. To adapt Responsive Web Designs, so that it can be used in all devices.
       
     
* Future Ideas


       1. Implement video experience for the viewers, to give a 3D effect on view.
       2. Initiate a blog/RSS for the viewers, to keep them up-to-date.

Commit message:

Updated TESTING.md,deleted learnmore.html,cards.html

TESTING.md, after:

  
# Bugs and Issues
### Throughout the project I expereinced the following issues, which I fixed mainly by researching the web. The main sources of information I used are from W3School, CSS-tricks, Developer.Mozilla.
- One of the main issue I faced is to fix the nav bar. The responsiveness of the navbar was not at all good.
- The next thing I faced was overriding background images, I solved that by giving appropriate height and width to the image.
- I initially added src folder for all the html file, but while deploying background images were not reflecting. My mentor helped me to solve the problem by deleting the src folder.
- For the Gallery I wanted the a hover the information for respective images but I wasn't sure how to achieve this, then I solved this issue by watching a [youtube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8b2mTq0Xrtw&t=147s)
- In my GitHub Desktop, I was not able to open the programme. Whenever I tried to push in github it showed error. After the investigation, I moved the index.html file which was in assets.
- I faced a lot of difficulty in making the gallery responsive even after applying media query for devices of max-width: 576px and 768px,it was not reflecting. Finally I solved the issue by deleting the media queries one by one and redoing it again.
- The browser was uneven taking up all the spaces,after inspecting, I sorted it out by giving  "0" margin and padding  in the CSS files.
- Background video was not moving as expected, solved this issue by putting muted loop autoplay in the video link.
- when I first used the [Am I responsive](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/)site my mobile homepage was not responsive,fixed the issue by adding media query of 320px.
# Testing
### [HTML validation](https://validator.w3.org/)
### [CSS validation](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
### **Manual testing** - in my opinion manually testing a site on different devices gives the best overview and points out any issues with design and responsiveness. I had to fix a few things that were not showing on Google Dev Tool, but I found out about them when I was inspecting the site manually. The devices that the project was tested on are:


### User Stories :  
    
The user is looking to explore different places,culture,cuisines when they come to Ireland. They want to sit back and enjoy the mesmerising beauty which Ireland gives.  They are interested in seeing some of the history of Ireland's Ancient  but they enjoy sampling quality local food.  

* First Time Visitors Goals

       1. As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily see the details of the tour.
       2. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to navigate the site easily with the minimum number of clicks to get to the desired information.
       3. As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily see the options available to customise the tour.
       4. As a First Time Visitor, I want to interact with people around the world about the beautiful places in Ireland. So that we can connect with different people from different cultures
       5. As a First Time Visitor, I want to give amazing stories of different places just at your finger tips. So that even during COVID19, it will be easy for people around the world to explore beautiful places when sitting at home.
       6. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to go through the site and to give a clear idea about the page.

* Returning Visitor Goals

       1. As a Returning Visitor, I want to update the pictures regularly. So that the viewers can enjoy and update their knowledge about different Jaw-dropping natural landscapes, regal castles, Irish locals, lively cities, rich heritage, delicious food.
       2. As a Returning Visitor, I want to welcome people around the world to visit and enjoy the benefits of Ireland.
       3. As a Returning Visitors, I want to be able to solve the queries of the visitors through email, so that I will be able to give a clear idea about the places.
       4. As a Returning Visitor, I want to provide freedom and flexibility to the visitors, so that virtual trips can bring leisure to the visitors at their preferred time schedule.
       5. As a Returning Visitor, I want to preserve the information, so that ones the viwers come back the relevant information is safe.

* Issues For Users To Overcome


       1. To provide adequate information about the different places showcased.
       2. To provide tour guide for free of cost and a feeling of actually being there.
       3. To structre the designs in a way so that it would be easy to navigate for viewers.
       4. To adapt Responsive Web Designs, so that it can be used in all devices.
       
     
* Future Ideas


       1. Implement video experience for the viewers, to give a 3D effect on view.
       2. Initiate a blog/RSS for the viewers, to keep them up-to-date.
